# SQLSaturday #1012 – Montreal – Virtual 2020
Event Date: 21-11-2020 - Session time: 08:30:00 - Track: Cloud Application Development  Deployment
## Speaker: Sandeep Arora
## Title: The Battle of DBAAS – RDS vs Cloud SQL vs SQL Azure
## Abstract:
### The public cloud is making a huge impact on the way enterprises host, manage, and scale their database operations. They can provision new infrastructure at the click of a button, without a lengthy hardware procurement process. Through a range of Database as a Service (DBaaS) options, public cloud vendors now make it easier than ever for organizations to migrate and maintain their databases. But while these solutions address many of the headaches involved in database management such as migration, provisioning, and administration, there are significant differences between the various DBaaS offerings on the market. In this session, we explore these DBaaS solutions provided by the leading cloud platforms, AWS, GCP, and Azure, and compare key features such as the types of the Database Engines on offer, Infrastructure Design Challenges, DR and HA capabilities, Performance Indicators, Pricing and Database Security.

Please join my meeting from your computer, tablet or smartphone. 
https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/177801133 
You can also dial in using your phone. 
(For supported devices, tap a one-touch number below to join instantly.) 
Canada: +1 (647) 497-9391 
- One-touch: tel:+16474979391,,177801133# 
Access Code: 177-801-133 

New to GoToMeeting? Get the app now and be ready when your first meeting starts: https://global.gotomeeting.com/install/177801133
