# SQLSaturday #1012 – Montreal – Virtual 2020
Event Date: 21-11-2020 - Session time: 13:45:00 - Track: Cloud Application Development  Deployment
## Speaker: John Miner
## Title: The search for Spark within the modern data platform.
## Abstract:
### The genesis project was supposed to terraform an empty planet into a livable environment. If you are a Star Trek fan, you might have seen this 1984 movie at the cinemas. However, similarities do exist with Databricks being able to transform cloud storage into a living data lake. 

Today’s talk will center on how the Databricks service makes it easy for the average developer to work with Apache Spark. A working knowledge of the Python language and Spark data frames is necessary to clean up and aggregate data in the lake. The introduction of the delta file format, has brought database ACID properties to the storage (file) system. Furthermore, the central hive metadata store allows developers to use Spark SQL to query the files like actual tables. Last but not least, a persistent cluster can be used as the data source for Power BI reporting. 

Attend this talk to learn how to create a modern data platform with the Azure Databricks service.

Please join my meeting from your computer, tablet or smartphone. 
https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/132707237 
You can also dial in using your phone. 
(For supported devices, tap a one-touch number below to join instantly.) 
Canada: +1 (647) 497-9391 
- One-touch: tel:+16474979391,,132707237# 
Access Code: 132-707-237 

New to GoToMeeting? Get the app now and be ready when your first meeting starts: https://global.gotomeeting.com/install/132707237
