# SQLSaturday #1012 – Montreal – Virtual 2020
Event Date: 21-11-2020 - Session time: 11:00:00 - Track: BI Platform Architecture, Development  Administration
## Speaker: Chris Hyde
## Title: Python in SQL Server 2017 and 2019
## Abstract:
### SQL Server 2017 and 2019 have arrived, bringing with them a host of exciting new features.  Of particular interest to BI practitioners and data scientists is the integration of the Python programming language into the SQL ecosystem.  This integration opens up a number of possibilities for in-database analytics and intelligent database applications, so let's get started!

In this introductory session we'll briefly introduce the Python language and then look at how to install and administer Machine Learning Services.  We'll start to demonstrate the power of Python by showing you how to create and run simple scripts from within T-SQL.  We'll then discuss some of the powerful open source packages that are available to aid your data analyses.  Finally, we'll go through some examples of how to use Python to integrate data analytical methods in real-world situations, and wow your customers with the power of analytics!

Please join my meeting from your computer, tablet or smartphone. 
https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/174831773 
You can also dial in using your phone. 
(For supported devices, tap a one-touch number below to join instantly.) 
Canada: +1 (647) 497-9391 
- One-touch: tel:+16474979391,,174831773# 
Access Code: 174-831-773 

New to GoToMeeting? Get the app now and be ready when your first meeting starts: https://global.gotomeeting.com/install/174831773
