# SQLSaturday #1012 – Montreal – Virtual 2020
Event Date: 21-11-2020 - Session time: 09:45:00 - Track: Cloud Application Development  Deployment
## Speaker: Guy Glantser
## Title: Modernizing Your Data Platform
## Abstract:
### Technology is advancing in an exponential rate, and data is becoming more critical than ever for the business. If you have old on-premise servers running old versions of SQL Server, then you have very good reasons to modernize your data platform. You can improve availability, scalability, performance and security of your databases and applications. You can leverage new features and technologies, and provide a lot more value to your customers and end users. And at the same time, you have the potential to reduce your operational costs.
In this session, we will learn about a structured approach for such a modernization project. We will focus on the Microsoft data platform. We will cover the latest versions of SQL Server as well as Azure SQL Database and Azure Managed Instance. We will learn about migration tools and techniques, such as the Data Migration Assistant (DMA), the Azure Database Migration Service, Transactional Replication, Log Shipping, and more.

Please join my meeting from your computer, tablet or smartphone. 
https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/918164221 
You can also dial in using your phone. 
(For supported devices, tap a one-touch number below to join instantly.) 
Canada: +1 (647) 497-9373 
- One-touch: tel:+16474979373,,918164221# 
Access Code: 918-164-221 

New to GoToMeeting? Get the app now and be ready when your first meeting starts: https://global.gotomeeting.com/install/918164221
