# SQLSaturday #1012 – Montreal – Virtual 2020
Event Date: 21-11-2020 - Session time: 12:30:00 - Track: BI Platform Architecture, Development  Administration
## Speaker: Taiob Ali
## Title: Need to Monitor Any Azure Resource? Must Learn Kusto Query Langua
## Abstract:
### Kusto is a service for storing and running interactive analytics over Big Data, easy to query using Kusto Query Language (KQL). As we make progress in our migration to the cloud, we are learning new ways to monitor and alert on resources and services. Microsoft has consolidated many services under the umbrella of ‘Azure Monitor.’ Whether you are ‘detecting and diagnose issues across applications,’ ‘correlate infrastructure issues for VMs,’ ‘drill into your SQL database monitoring data with Log Analytics,’ you will be using ‘Azure Monitor.’ Azure Monitor uses a version of the KQL that is suitable for simple log queries but also includes advanced functionality such as aggregations, joins, and smart analytics. Going forward, KQL is your only choice for querying the Azure Monitor log. 
In this 95% demo session, I will show you some ‘getting started’ tips and a few sophisticated queries using KQL. Come and learn about the future of monitoring and investigations of Azure services.

Please join my meeting from your computer, tablet or smartphone. 
https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/478623477 
You can also dial in using your phone. 
(For supported devices, tap a one-touch number below to join instantly.) 
Canada: +1 (647) 497-9391 
- One-touch: tel:+16474979391,,478623477# 
Access Code: 478-623-477 

New to GoToMeeting? Get the app now and be ready when your first meeting starts: https://global.gotomeeting.com/install/478623477
