# SQLSaturday #1012 – Montreal – Virtual 2020
Event Date: 21-11-2020 - Session time: 16:15:00 - Track: Application  Database Development
## Speaker: Hugo Kornelis
## Title: Debugging without debugger: investigating SQL Server’s internal structures
## Abstract:
### Have you ever wanted to know exactly how SQL Server stores data for temporary structures, such as for instance the spooled data in a Table Spool or Index Spool operator? No? I don’t blame you. It’s a bit like wanting to know who watered the rubber tree that produced the rubber your tires are made off before you get in the car to drive to work. You really don’t need it.
But you might still WANT to know. I did. And I figured it out.
Without ever touching the debugger (I’m a simple soul, that stuff is much too complex for me!), I figured out how I could look at the exact storage structures SQL Server creates and uses to store data in Table Spool and Index Spool operators.
If you are willing to commit to a fast-paced and deep internals session that is guaranteed to teach you exactly zero actually useful information, then this is the session for you.

Please join my meeting from your computer, tablet or smartphone. 
https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/229291357 
You can also dial in using your phone. 
(For supported devices, tap a one-touch number below to join instantly.) 
Canada: +1 (647) 497-9373 
- One-touch: tel:+16474979373,,229291357# 
Access Code: 229-291-357 

New to GoToMeeting? Get the app now and be ready when your first meeting starts: https://global.gotomeeting.com/install/229291357
