# SQLSaturday #1012 – Montreal – Virtual 2020
Event Date: 21-11-2020 - Session time: 09:45:00 - Track: BI Platform Architecture, Development  Administration
## Speaker: Benni De Jagere
## Title: Power BI dataflows? Why you need to implement it!
## Abstract:
### Not so long ago, Power BI dataflows have been added to the Power BI landscape. It is showing great promise, as they have the potential of becoming key in every (large) implementation of a Power BI or Hybrid BI Architecture.

During this session, the core concepts of Power BI dataflows will be explained, and we'll discuss how Power BI dataflows could alleviate some of the specific problems you might be experiencing in your current architecture.

How this feature ties into some other cool concepts, like Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2 or the Common Data Model, obviously can't be missing from this speech.

Expect to walk out of this session with a decent grasp on the underlying architecture, and some key takeaways to take home with you.

Please join my meeting from your computer, tablet or smartphone. 

Please join my meeting from your computer, tablet or smartphone. 
https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/975765429 
You can also dial in using your phone. 
(For supported devices, tap a one-touch number below to join instantly.) 
Canada: +1 (647) 497-9373 
- One-touch: tel:+16474979373,,975765429# 
Access Code: 975-765-429 

New to GoToMeeting? Get the app now and be ready when your first meeting starts: https://global.gotomeeting.com/install/975765429
