# SQLSaturday #1012 – Montreal – Virtual 2020
Event Date: 21-11-2020 - Session time: 11:00:00 - Track: Cloud Application Development  Deployment
## Speaker: Warner Chaves
## Title: Introduction to Snowflake on Microsoft Azure
## Abstract:
### Snowflake is the only fully managed petabyte scale data platform solution that is compatible across the main three cloud providers: Amazon Web Services. Google Cloud and Microsoft Azure.

With a laser focus on user friendliness and a cloud-first development approach, the Snowflake Cloud Data Platform can fit transparently into your business data strategy and leverage already existing and familiar development and management skills. All this while providing massive scale, zero maintenance and one single source of truth.

Azure is a great place to run Snowflake with full integration of Azure Active Directory, seamless data movement with Azure Data Lake Storage and even ways to integrate with services like Azure Data Factory and Synapse Analytics!

In this session we will introduce Snowflake and its value proposition, why it makes sense to run it on Azure and demos to give the attendees a tour of the products main capabilities.

Please join my meeting from your computer, tablet or smartphone. 
https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/774435989 
You can also dial in using your phone. 
(For supported devices, tap a one-touch number below to join instantly.) 
Canada: +1 (647) 497-9373 
- One-touch: tel:+16474979373,,774435989# 
Access Code: 774-435-989 

New to GoToMeeting? Get the app now and be ready when your first meeting starts: https://global.gotomeeting.com/install/774435989
