# SQLSaturday #1012 – Montreal – Virtual 2020
Event Date: 21-11-2020 - Session time: 13:45:00 - Track: BI Platform Architecture, Development  Administration
## Speaker: Edward Pollack
## Title: Improving Analytics Performance With Columnstore Indexes
## Abstract:
### Administrators and analysts often struggle with the storage and maintenance of reporting and analytics data.  Traditional rowstore tables do not scale well when data is measured in billions of rows.

Columnstore indexes provide a speedy and convenient way to store OLAP data within SQL Server.  Compression allows the data to be much smaller than other storage methods, allowing for faster reads.  Column metadata provides the tools needed for SQL Server to be able to service queries over massive data sets quickly and efficiently.

The basics of columnstore indexes allow an administrator to improve the performance of analytics, but there is much more to learn!  Understanding the internals of columnstore indexes allows querying to be even more efficient.

Columnstore indexes have evolved greatly since their introduction in SQL Server 2012.  This presentation explores this feature in SQL Server 2017 and SQL Server 2019 and how its newest features can turbo-charge your analytics workloads!

Please join my meeting from your computer, tablet or smartphone. 
https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/172418221 
You can also dial in using your phone. 
(For supported devices, tap a one-touch number below to join instantly.) 
Canada: +1 (647) 497-9391 
- One-touch: tel:+16474979391,,172418221# 
Access Code: 172-418-221 

New to GoToMeeting? Get the app now and be ready when your first meeting starts: https://global.gotomeeting.com/install/172418221
