# SQLSaturday #1012 – Montreal – Virtual 2020
Event Date: 21-11-2020 - Session time: 15:00:00 - Track: Application  Database Development
## Speaker: Karen Lopez
## Title: Who's Pissing in Your Data Lake?
## Abstract:
### The new data terms of Data Lake, Data Reservoir, and Data Swamp have left me with more questions than answers. In this presentation, Karen discusses the types of data anomalies that organizations can run into when they use external data, the wrong datasets for the right reasons and the right datasets for the wrong reasons.  

These errors in design, oversights and old school, traditional practices can impact the success of your projects, even if you don't use any data lakes.

We'll look at end-to-end processes, data capture issues, impractical designs, balancing performance against data quality.  I'll be using examples from my own personal data to show you just how my data has been mistreated in IT systems.  Plus we'll talk about your data and your data stories.

We will build a list of good pracitices and tools to use to spare you from a flood of data issues in your organization.
Please join my meeting from your computer, tablet or smartphone. 
https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/397782085 
You can also dial in using your phone. 
(For supported devices, tap a one-touch number below to join instantly.) 
Canada: +1 (647) 497-9391 
- One-touch: tel:+16474979391,,397782085# 
Access Code: 397-782-085 

New to GoToMeeting? Get the app now and be ready when your first meeting starts: https://global.gotomeeting.com/install/397782085
